It's good practice to back up your Ioway see images especially as your network grows.
You're going to want to have a central place to back up and store your Aiwass images and configuration
files.
So it's good practice to back up your Iowas files to a central tief server or server.
This is useful for example if an Iowa image gets accidentally deleted will be raised or becomes corrupted
you're going to want to be able to restore your iOS from A to B server.
So good practice to copy from the flash to a TFT server and have that available if you need to restore
an image or perhaps when you upgrade a router you encounter issues and may need to downgrade back to
an older version of operating system.
So good practice to have your Ioway see images backed up to a central location.
Now what about Iris images.
They have these cryptic names that may be difficult initially to understand.
So in looking at an image the first part of such a see twenty nine hundred is the platform.
This is an image for a twenty nine hundred Cisco Rodda the universal canine option means that this image
is universal.
So it's a single image set that includes the IP base security unified communications and data feature
sets.
Each router is activated for an IP based feature set.
However other feature sets you'll need to activate those features by loading a license onto the router
and we'll discuss that in a separate video.
So in this example the platform is a Cisco twenty nine hundred series integrated services router.
The third part in Zayd or M.Z. indicates where the image runs and if the file is compressed in this
example the image is run in RAM.
So M indicates runs in RAM and Z or Zed indicates a compressed image digitally signed Cisco Aiwa images
identified by a three character extension in the image name stands for digitally signed software.
Pos stands for production or special development image so p in the name indicates that it's a production
image that is approved for general release.
A s indicates a special image that is development software and should only be used in special circumstances.
The indicates the key version that is used to digitally sign the image key version is identified by
an alphanumeric character such as A B C..
The fifth part 15:2 hyphen for Dot M 1 indicates the software version number and the final part burn
is the file extension.
This indicates that the file is a binary executable file.
Just be aware that the Cisco Iowas naming conventions do change.
The best place to look for information is on the Cisco Web site.
For example on the Cisco software downloads help and if a q page you'll find a lot of information for
example the Cisco Iowas software release naming convention is explained so in this example we have a
major release of told that one the maintenance release enterprise designator six build of the release
and first rebeled of release date.
Have a look at documents such as the following for instructions on how to download software and how
to discover more information about the different options available with regards to the Cisco Ioway s.